wr-kernel: Wind River kernel layer
----------------------------------

This layer:

  - adds core kernel support on top of linux-yocto for boards supported by
    Wind River
  - contains packages that are coupled to the kernel version
  - contains task sets and configurations related to the kernel
  - includes the nested 'kernel-dev' layer for local clones and externalsrc
    development


Dependencies
------------
This layer depends on wr-base, oe-core and meta-networking layer which are
supplied with Wind River Linux.


Maintenance
-----------
This layer is maintained by Wind River Systems, Inc.
Contact <support@windriver.com> or your support representative for more
information on submitting changes.


Building the wr-kernel layer
----------------------------
This layer and a corresponding BSP layer should be added to bblayers.conf.
This is done automatically when using the Wind River configure wrapper.

Note: The linux-yocto* recipes are superseded by the linux-windriver*
recipes when using this layer.  The linux-yocto* recipes are disabled
to avoid confusion.

If you are not using the Wind River configure wrapper, you will need to
specify the kernel type to build.  This is done using the kernel type
enabled variable KTYPE_ENABLED.  The value of this variable is specific
to the BSP you have configured, see the BSP for a list of supported
kernel types, TARGET_SUPPORTED_KTYPES.

Alternatively you can disable the machine validation by manually
setting the following in your local.conf:

   COMPATIBLE_MACHINE_mybsp = "mybsp"

Where mybsp is the machine you have configured.  This is not the
recommended configuration.

License
-------
Copyright (C) 2012-2013 Wind River Systems, Inc.

The right to copy, distribute or otherwise make use of this software may
be licensed only pursuant to the terms of an applicable Wind River license
agreement.  No license to Wind River intellectual properly rights is granted
herein.  All rights not licensed by Wind River are reserved by Wind River.

Source code included in the tree for individual recipes is under the LICENSE
stated in each recipe (.bb file) unless otherwise stated.

